Update PR template to include repo requirements. (#282)
rancher/webhook: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Issue: <!-- link the issue or issues this PR resolves here -->
<!-- If your PR depends on changes from other PRs, link them here and describe why they are needed for your solution section. -->

## Problem
<!-- Describe the root cause of the issue you are resolving. 
This may include what behavior is observed and why it is not desirable. If this is a new feature, describe why we need it and how it will be used. -->

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Remove space here

Author: I wanted to leave a space so that you have a location to start writing when filling out the template. Let me know if you think this is unconventional.

Reviewer: Do you mean a space or a newline? I think a newline makes sense as you said. That line isn't empty, it has a space in it, which we probably don't need. It's all nitpicks anyway so feel free to leave as is :+1:

Author: Ahh, good catch. I thought you were talking about the new line.

## Solution
<!-- Describe what you changed to fix the issue. 
Relate your changes to the original bug/feature and explain why this addresses the issue. -->

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Remove space here too

Author: same as above

## CheckList
  <!-- 
  Test: 

>    PRs should have accompanied tests even if ones do not previously exist. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   PRs should be accompanied by tests, even if there isn't a single test yet. 
```

>    Unit tests are preferred over the addition of integration tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Unit tests are preferred over integration tests.
```

   If this PR does not require additional tests, state the reason below for reviewers.
  -->
- [ ] Test
  <!-- 
  Docs: 

>    If you are updating or creating a mutator or validator, you will also need to update or add a new markdown that documents validator/mutator behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you are updating or creating a mutator or validator, you will also need to update or create the Markdown file that documents validator/mutator behavior.
```
